[caspian] style-spec 13.13.1 CHANGELOG and version bump (#9539)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-js: src/style-spec/CHANGELOG.md

## 13.13.1

### ✨ Features and improvements
* Expose `expression.isExpressionFilter(..)` from the bundle. ([#9530](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/pull/9530))

### 🐛 Bug fixes

> * Fix a broken module import wheren the `style-spec` package was importing files from `mapbox-gl-js`, its parent repo, causing downstream build systems to break. ([#9522](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/pull/9522))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix a broken module import where the `style-spec` package was importing files from `mapbox-gl-js`, it's parent repo, causing downstream build systems to break. ([#9522](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-js/pull/9522))
```
